“They say New York City is the city of dreams. Well, I think that's bull”



While half of our team met with both Alia and Kyree for the first time, the whole team had the privilege of taking some time out of Alia’s day to hear about her life that is full of trials and tribulations. Alia shared with us her successes and losses, and now we want to share it to you all:



Alia is a 24 year old woman in New York City so you probably would not have been able to tell from the beautiful smile she puts on her face, she has been through a lot. 



When Alia was a child, she knew that she got her artist gift from her mother. Being able to imagine everything that her heart could desire, she even painted a mural all tall as a tree with this talent. Even though she got a gift from her parents that she used as self expression to drag her from committing suicide, it wasnt enough. Alia tried to drown herself. Dealing with such darkness, she did not want to let it consume her. Alia says that she used her art to speak for her when her voice would get disregarded.



As Alia grew up, she learned to take that darkness and turn it into light, rather than letting it control her. Alia has a vibrant and moving yin and yang piece called "Harmony" created on May 29th, 2025. This painting is actually a collage of 4 smaller canvases, a particular choice by Alia so that she can work in smaller portions to ease back into painting, which she took a break from at this time. 



Alia wanted to be her true authentic self with us, which is why she also told us more "graphic" details to her story. Alia spent a period of time in an all women's homeless shelter, but the facility was predominantly male. While spending time in this shelter, she was harassed, constantly pressured to perform sexual acts with one or multiple men, despite her repeatedly telling them no.



Alia urges all to be careful in New York City. She believed that the city "needs more color" both physically and spiritually. 



Help SEMBLNYCE create a New York City where everybody gets to pursuit and catch their dreams.